http://conf.researchr.org/track/PPoPP-2016/PPoPP-2016-papers


Call for Papers

Specific topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

    Compilers and runtime systems for parallel and heterogeneous systems
    Concurrent data structures
    Development, analysis, or management tools
    Fault tolerance for parallel systems
    Formal analysis and verification
    High-performance / scientific computing
    Middleware for parallel systems
    Parallel algorithms
    Parallel applications and frameworks
    Parallel programming languages
    Parallel programming theory and models
    Parallelism in non-scientific workloads: web, search, analytics, cloud
    Performance analysis, debugging and optimization
    Programming tools for parallel and heterogeneous systems
    Software engineering for parallel programs
    Software for heterogeneous architectures
    Software productivity for parallel programming
    Synchronization and concurrency control

Papers should report on original research relevant to parallel programming, and should contain enough background materials to make them accessible to the entire parallel programming research community.

Papers describing experience should indicate how they illustrate general principles; papers about parallel programming foundations should indicate how they relate to practice. Poster submissions should meet similar criteria for originality and relevance, but may present emerging ideas or results that are not yet sufficiently developed for a full paper.

All submissions must be made electronically through the conference web site. Abstracts must include contact information, the full list of authors and their affiliations, and a description of the anticipated content of the paper (100-400 words). Full paper submissions must be in PDF formatted for US letter size paper. They must not exceed 10 pages (all inclusive) in standard SIGPLAN two-column conference format (preprint mode, with page numbers). Templates for the SIGPLAN format are available for Microsoft Word, and LaTeX at http://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Author/ (use the 9 pt template, and do not adjust any margins, line spacing, etc.). Over-length submissions will not be accepted. Submissions will be judged on correctness, relevance, originality, significance, and clarity. We anticipate selecting best paper and best student paper awards.

Paper submission is double-blind to reduce reviewer bias against or for authors or institutions. Thus, the submissions cannot include author names, institutions or hints based on references to prior work. If authors are extending their own work, they need to reference and discuss the past work in third person, as if they were extending someone else’s research. We realize that for some papers it will still reveal authorship, but as long as an effort was made to follow these guidelines, the submission will not be penalized. Authors must identify any conflicts of interest with PC members and external review committee members, as defined here: http://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Policies/Review/ (ACM SIGPLAN policy).

Poster submissions must conform to the same format restrictions, but may not exceed 2 pages in length. Paper submissions that are not accepted for regular presentations will automatically be considered for posters; authors who do not want their paper considered for the poster session should indicate this in their abstract submission. Two-page summaries of posters will be included in the conference proceedings.

Last year, PPoPP 2015 successfully ran artifact evaluation process for the first time. PPoPP 2016 continues this experiment. Authors of accepted papers will be invited to formally submit their supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. The Artifact Evaluation process is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This submission is voluntary and will not influence the final decision regarding the papers. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval printed on the papers themselves. Further information is available on the PPoPP AEC web page. Authors of accepted papers are encouraged (but not obliged) to make these materials publicly available upon publication of the proceedings, by including them as “source materials” in the ACM Digital Library.

AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.)

PPoPP 2016 will be in Barcelona, 12-18 March 2016. It will be co-located with HPCA 2016, CGO 2016, and LLVM 2016. Authors should carefully consider the difference in focus of the conferences when deciding where to submit a paper.





Important Dates
Fri 4 Sep 2015	Abstract submission
Fri 11 Sep 2015 Full paper and poster submission
Mon 14 Sep 2015 Workshop/Tutorial proposal
Wed 30 Sep 2015	Workshop/Tutorial notification
Tue 27 Oct 00:00 - Wed 29 Apr 00:00 2015 Rebuttal period
Mon 9 Nov 2015 Notification of acceptance
Fri 8 Jan 2016 Final version of papers
Sat 12 Mar - Sun 13 Mar 2016 Workshops and Tutorials
Mon 14 - Wed 16 Mar 2016 Conference